[Music]
jenos cap camera at rangers been around
for a very long time with its walk
around its center console and its de
cruiser models but here at the disel
Dorf Boat Show they've introduced two
new variants on that theme it's the 5
point 5 and the 6 point 5 bow riders
sono describes this boat as Scandinavian
inspired but adapted for the
Mediterranean and you can see what they
mean there's a step through bow there's
a broad walkway which is ideal for
fishing
there are also some forward-facing
lounges there's seating for seven and
there are convertible Sun decks both for
an hour despite the evidence
similarities there are some substantial
differences between the 6.5 and the 5.5
there's a slightly shorter bow on the
5.5 you also miss out on the lateral
side seats the swim platforms are also
much shorter and the maximum outboard is
120 rather than 200 but at a price of
around thirty one thousand euros for the
five point five forty three thousand and
six point five it's very much the kind
of value we come to expect from the kept
camera at range
[Music]